### [v0.9.0](#v090)

Sobelow has better support for managing false positives. Adding the `--mark-skip-all` 
flag to any scan will now mark all displayed findings as skippable. For large or 
complex projects with a high number of false positives, this should massively improve 
the experience of integrating Sobelow into your CI/CD pipeline.

Below is a demo of this new feature where we take the following steps:

1. Scan the application. 
2. Review the findings (offscreen), and find that only the CSP finding is valid. 
3. `--ignore` the CSP finding to hide it from output, and add the `--mark-skip-all` flag.
4. Run the scan with the `--skip` flag to hide skipped findings.

<script id="asciicast-GrZPCtbcngLLcVpXzv2lU5quc" src="https://asciinema.org/a/GrZPCtbcngLLcVpXzv2lU5quc.js" async></script>

Metadata about skipped findings is stored in the `.sobelow` file at the root of your 
project. If you decide you no longer want to have your findings skipped, you can clear 
this data with the `--clear-skip` flag.

Less visible, but equally important, this update also comes with new CSRF checks, the 
ability to run Sobelow from the root of an umbrella app, bug fixes, and a handful of 
internal improvements!

**NOTE** You may need to uninstall previous versions of Sobelow for your update to 
succeed.

The full release notes can be found below:

* Enhancements
  * Add `--mark-skip-all` and `--clear-skip` flags
  * New CSRF via action reuse checks
  * Sobelow can now be run in umbrella apps
 
* Bug Fixes
  * Fix an error when printing some kinds of variables
